{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww30520\viewh10100\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 How to build, install and launch a MAT iOS AIR native extension test application on iPhone simulator:
\b0\fs22 \ulnone \
\

\b \ul Steps:
\b0 \ulnone \
\
Download the MobileAppTracking SDK AIR plugin code.\
Open the terminal.\
Navigate to the build folder under <path_to_mat_air_plugin>.\
\

\b \ul How to create an app debug build (.ipa) for the iPhone simulator ?
\b0 \ulnone \
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 Make sure you copy the latest
\b0  
\b MATANESample.swf to the build folder:
\b0 \
cp <path_to_mat_air_plugin>/test/bin-debug/MATANESample.swf MATANESample.swf\
\

\b Create an .ipa file for the iPhone Simulator:\
Command Template:\
adt -package -target ( ipa-test | ipa-debug | ipa-app-store | ipa-ad-hoc | ipa-test-interpreter | ipa-debug-interpreter | ipa-test-interpreter-simulator | ipa-debug-interpreter-simulator ) ( CONNECT_OPTIONS? | LISTEN_OPTIONS? ) ( -sampler )? ANE_LINK_OPTIONS? SIGNING_OPTIONS <output-package> ( <app-desc> PLATFORM-SDK-OPTION? FILE-AND-PATH-OPTIONS | <input-package> PLATFORM-SDK-OPTION? )\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf0 \
adt -package -target ipa-debug-interpreter-simulator -storetype PKCS12 -keystore <path_to_iphone_development_certificate_p12_file> -storepass pass <path_to_mat_air_plugin>/bin/MATANESample.ipa <path_to_mat_air_plugin>/test/src/MATANESample-app.xml DebugHostInfo.xml MATANESample.swf -extdir <path_to_mat_air_plugin>/bin -platformsdk /Applications/Xcode.app/Contents/Developer/Platforms/iPhoneSimulator.platform/Developer/SDKs/iPhoneSimulator6.0.sdk\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 Linker warnings to be ignored when creating a simulator build:
\b0 \
\
ld: warning: could not create compact unwind for __Unwind_Resume: non-standard register 0 being saved in prolog\
ld: warning: could not create compact unwind for __Unwind_ForcedUnwind: non-standard register 0 being saved in prolog\
ld: warning: could not create compact unwind for __Unwind_RaiseException: non-standard register 0 being saved in prolog\
ld: warning: could not create compact unwind for __Unwind_Resume_or_Rethrow: non-standard register 0 being saved in prolog\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 \ul How to install the app on the iPhone simulator?
\b0 \ulnone \
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 Command Template: \
adt -installApp       PLATFORM-OPTION PLATFORM-SDK-OPTION? DEVICE-OPTION? -package <apk-file | ipa-file>
\b0 \
\
adt -installApp -platform ios -platformsdk /Applications/Xcode.app/Contents/Developer/Platforms/iPhoneSimulator.platform/Developer/SDKs/iPhoneSimulator6.0.sdk -device ios-simulator -package <path_to_mat_air_plugin>/bin/MATANESample.ipa\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 \ul How to launch the app on the iPhone simulator?
\b0 \ulnone \
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 Command Template: \
adt -launchApp        \{ PLATFORM-OPTION PLATFORM-SDK-OPTION? DEVICE-OPTION? ( -debuggerPort port )? -appid <app-id> \}
\b0 \
\
adt -launchApp -platform ios -platformsdk /Applications/Xcode.app/Contents/Developer/Platforms/iPhoneSimulator.platform/Developer/SDKs/iPhoneSimulator6.0.sdk -appid MATANESample -device ios-simulator\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 \ul Reference:
\b0 \ulnone \
http://help.adobe.com/en_US/air/build/WSd6d4f896b3a8801b686f6f0813719c0417c-8000.html\
\

\b \ul Other Reference:
\b0 \ulnone \
http://totalnihil.tumblr.com/post/26418427107/an-ant-script-for-testing-an-air-3-3-app-in-the-ios\
\
}